Update remaining sections of download files (#418)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/download_files.md

<!--TODO: Confirm that these are the correct names that will be used as the folder names for data format-->
Each zip file will be named with a unique dataset ID, the chosen data format (either `SingleCellExperiment` or `AnnData`), and the date you accessed the data on the ScPCA Portal.

> Note that a custom dataset can only contain data in one format, [`SingleCellExperiment` objects (`.rds` files)](#custom-datasets-with-singlecellexperiment-format) or [`AnnData` objects (`.h5ad` files)](#custom-datasets-with-anndata-format) (see {ref}`Why can't I change the data format in My Dataset <faq:why can't i change the data format in my dataset>`). 

Reviewer: The section header has been written up as `Why can't I change the data format in My Dataset?` (see #419) 
```suggestion
Note that a custom dataset can only contain data in one format, [`SingleCellExperiment` objects (`.rds` files)](#custom-datasets-with-singlecellexperiment-format) or [`AnnData` objects (`.h5ad` files)](#custom-datasets-with-anndata-format) (see {ref}`FAQ for more information<faq:Why can't I change the data format in My Dataset?>`). 
```

> If a sample has [spatial transcriptomics data](#spatial-transcriptomics-libraries), the `Spatial` box can be used to indicate whether or not to include the spatial transcriptomics data in the download. 

Reviewer: Suggesting a rephrase so that we can link the modalities section, and use the `My Dataset` wording:

```suggestion
If a sample has [spatial transcriptomics data](#spatial-transcriptomics-libraries), you can check the {ref}`Spatial modality box<download_options:Modalities>` to include the spatial transcriptomics data in `My Dataset`.
```

### `AnnData` Portal-wide download structure
![portal wide download structure - `anndata`](STUB-IMAGE){width="600"}

### Spatial Portal-wide download structure

> ![portal wide download structure - spatial](#STUB-IMAE){width="600"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![portal wide download structure - spatial](#STUB-IMAGE){width="600"}
```

## Spatial transcriptomics libraries

> If a sample includes a library processed using spatial transcriptomics, the spatial transcriptomics output files will be available as a separate download from the single-cell/single-nuclei gene expression data by selecting "Spatial" as the modality (see more on {ref}`modalities <download_options:modalities>`). 

Reviewer: Noting that I did not rephrase the part "...as a separate download..." but I do think some more rephrasing would be helpful, since what do we mean by download? If it's part of the same custom dataset, it would be the same download just in a different file. I think the rephrase to implement here is just changing "download" -> "file" but if you have a different idea go for it!

```suggestion
If a sample includes a library processed using spatial transcriptomics, you can obtain the spatial transcriptomics output files as a separate download from the single-cell/single-nuclei gene expression data by selecting "Spatial" as the modality (see more on {ref}`modality download options<download_options:modalities>`). 
```

> Every download also includes a single `spatial_metadata.tsv` file containing metadata for all libraries included in the download.

Reviewer: for future us!
```suggestion
<!-- TODO: Confirm spatial_metadata.tsv or spatial-metadata.tsv: https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs/issues/381#issuecomment-2867277605 -->
Every download also includes a single `spatial_metadata.tsv` file containing metadata for all libraries included in the download.
```
